[Instrumentation.AspNet] Spans - semantic convention v1.24.0 (#1607)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AspNet/CHANGELOG.md

* **Breaking Change**: `server.address` and `server.port` no longer added
  for `http.server.request.duration` metric.
  ([#1606](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/1606))
* **Breaking change** Spans names and attributes

>   based on [HTTP semantic convention v1.24.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/v1.24.0/docs/http/http-spans.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 will be set as per [HTTP semantic convention v1.24.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/v1.24.0/docs/http/http-spans.md):
```

  * span names follows: `{HTTP method} [route name if available]` pattern
  * `error.type` added when exception occurred while processing request,
  * `http.request.method` replaces `http.method`,

>   * `http.request.method_original` added when `http.request.method` is not in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `http.request.method_original` added when `http.request.method` is set to `_OTHER`
```

* **Breaking Change**: `server.address` and `server.port` no longer added
  for `http.server.request.duration` metric.
  ([#1606](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/1606))

> * **Breaking change** Spans names and attributes

Reviewer: Could you please include the details on new versus old attributes?

Something like this: https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2023/http-conventions-declared-stable/#summary-of-changes
